Yves: Hello
Yves: It's Ves PD
Yves: I'm in charge of recording videos like Lip PD and Cho PD!
Yves: I'm guessing Go Won is preparing for a MV shooting.
Yves: Shall we visit her waiting room?
(Yves' own BGM!)
(And Yves's own transition!)
Yves: Your outfits are so beautiful!
Go Won: Right~ I think it's a princess-esque dress!
Yves: Please turn around~
Chuu: So beautiful~
Go Won: I'm 170cm right now~
Yves: Oh, really?
Yves: Chuu, stand next to her!
Chuu: Well...?
Chuu: No~!!!
Go Won: I'm so nervous~
Go Won: I got nervous~
Go Won: Nervous~
(Go Won looks really nervous...)
Yves: You practiced a lot with us yesterday, right?
(Yves & Chuu cheering for her)
Yves: 3, 2, 1
All: Fighting!
Yves & Go Won: Hello~
Yves: Chuu PD!
Chuu: And Chuu PD...
Yves: (What!) Hey~ You should've said 'Ves PD'~
Chuu: Ah, alright! Let's go again!
Yves: Hello, Chuu PD~
Chuu: And Ves PD~
Yves: are here!
Yves: Looks so beautiful~
Chuu: She's bouncing like kong kong!
Chuu: Kong kong!
Yves: Kong Won!
Chuu: Kong Won~
Yves: Such a cutie~
Yves: I'm looking forward to her MV!